# Story Summary

[TOC]



## Side Story - Echo Aria

This part will be divided into 2, one is the main story part while the other will be the mini story about Vance.

### Main Story

After chapter 13 ended, the red tide has calmed down a bit, but only for a brief moment. Vance was assigned to observe a desert area and he noticed that the tide was rising again. He immediately reported to Eden which they swiftly organized an operation. 8 teams, 8 commanders and 1 chief commander (Hans). According to Asimov, the tide is significantly weaker than before, when is not rising, the infection level and density is almost near normal situations. It only posses a threat when is rising period. Their plan is to nuke the tide before it reaches the ocean, which the tide is moving slowly towards. Every team is assigned with a beacon, which  is used for Eden to locate and fire the lasers. 

Everyone sucessfully landed, except for Gray Raven. Their ship crashed and their beacon was destroyed. They landed at the heart of the tide, stranded. However, Vance immediately met up with them and guided them out of the place. While evacuating, a whale song (whale does this, they make a high pitch noise) can be heard that last around 30-60 seconds (for humans is like 2 seconds due to higher pitch not being able to be heard by us). They evacuated and found out, civilization exist here despite the place being a hell-hole for humans to live in. 

There, they found Hans and the citizens arguing. Hans is a very loyal soldier, he wanted them to evacuate because the beam shot down by Eden will hit them. However, the people resented him and showed fear and ferocity towards them. Gray Raven and Vance arrived and manage to break the tension.  

The leader, criticized Eden for being big hypocrites. However, after the tension broke, he came and explained the situation. They are people who failed to board eden due to the soldiers not letting them, some chose to sta willingly on earth. They said they won't leave and they know they will die. They are prepared to face it. The old man went on to say that, they live every day like its their last day. They knew from the beginning, they will die. The serum they survive off is from a nearby city and it will eventually run out. Evacuation is an option, but there is no where to evacuate to. Eden can't take them at all. Evacuating is merely extending their death by a few more days. As to why they are willing to die here, the old man say, "Somethings are more important than living". He proceeded to question Lucia, why Eden is desperated to save Earth? There is nothing here that will benefit them, civilization here has died, saving it has no point. Lucia argued that they are soldiers bornt to save the earth, which the old man countered with, you are born with the reason, but is not the reason you live. Some people have immense emotional attachment towards earth, so they chose not to board Eden. 

It wasn't long before the whale song was heard again. However, this time Vance notice things are about to go down. The infecteds (they aren't call that, I can't think of a name for now, but they are more biological than machine) invaded the place, which caused immense panick. After the issue has been resolved, an old woman's grandson disappeared. She begged for help, help her to find, but to no avail. Commander wants to act, but he didnt get any permission from Hans, which make him unable to act. Hans criticized him, straying from the laws of a commander and told him to ignore the kid, start evacuating what remains here. Is better to save 10 lives than 1 mentality. Vance did a hand motion on commander's shoulder while he was getting scolded. 

Commander proceeded to meet-up with Vance and questioned why he did the hand motion, which was a secret code among people who graduated from Faos Academy. Vance said he learnt it from Chrome and he is going to find the kid and save him. Commander pondered and decided to go as well. Lee got called out by Vance, which was overhearing. Lee stopped commander, saying that an action like this will make him in court. However, commander said he doesn't fear or care. Lee then said he wants to join, but he told him to stay. The entire gray raven needs to stay, to handle "unpredicatable" situations that may happen. 

Vance and commander went ahead and find the kid. However, when they finally found where he was, he already gone home. They didn't return, instead, commander asked, what if there is a source to the tide. Prior to finding the kid, vance questioned if commander know something about the tide when they were fighthing the ascendants underground. He was silent for he couldn't leak this, is an info only among hassan, asimov, gray raven and nikola. Vance suspected that a source exist and what caused the tide was fragments of the Heterogeneous Infected that we fought in railway. Commander gave no comment but his expression gave it away. They went ahead to the source and found, the sound was coming from a lake. The lake wasn't flowing at all, making them suspect that the source lies there. Turns out, it does, the final boss is the source. It was crying, perhaps for help. Vance fought it and manage to break it. What revealed was, at the core of the source, was Selena. It would seem that a piece of the Heterogeneous was used on her by Gabriel. It wasn't long that the boss regenerated again from the tide. Vance struggled to fight him over and over again and eventually got damaged badly from protecting commander. Risking his life, commander decided to active the beacon that he got from Lee. He stuck the beacon into selena and they both ran.  Vance immediately reported back, stating that commander has stucked the modified beacon onto the source and they want a request to change the AOE beam shoot to single shoot, focusing all the power on the source. Lee did simulations and proved it to be efficient in his model. He reported to Hans and after some conflicting himself, Hans agreed and reported to Eden. Hassan called Asimov and Asimov argued that is a gamble either way. Hassan end up going with Hans requeest, for it is more humane than killing. 

In the end, the beam was shot down onto Selena. However, selena was regenerated by the tide, who was controlled by someone, an agent is suspected, making her survive the shot. The tide calmed down and everyone went back. Some of the citizens left, mostly younger ones, however, the others stayed and continued to live there

### Vance Mini Story

It opens with vance on a retrival mission with Tello (the robot soldier). The had some chatter, such as why Vance joined Strike Hawk. Vance said there was no particular reason, and it was only fate. The soldier giggled, saying that strike hawk is a well known team. There has never been a failed mission when strike hawk is involved.  

While on their way on to retrieve the info, tello was surprised by someone. Vance told him to immediately back-off, sensing danger. The person in question is Gear, an unknown machine, neither structure nor infected. He has the information they need. Gear got annoyed by them and said they should wait with him together for the return of "sage" (machine sage most likely, speculated to be nanami). They refused and fought, however, it didn't went well. Tello got damaged while fighthing and Vance as well. In the end, Vance managed to trap Gear with ice, but it won't last long. They both decided to go different ways and meet-up later. While escaping, they have agreed to go into silence mode, disconnecting on forms of communication and radar. Vance ran for awhile, but the damage he received wwas too great and he ended up fainting. 

On the other hand, Kamui and Chrome was on another mission, but, when Vance went stealth. Both of them was alerted and knew something is wrong (Chrome has a custom communication path that strike hawk uses and only strike hawk has access to). Knowing that Vance might be in danger, they both immediately returned and Chrome requested that strike hawk be sent for a rescue mission immediately. Hassan and Nikola already knew about that the situation might not be going well, but Nikola questioned Chrome and said his emotions will get the best of me, which will disrupt the mission progress. Chrome argued, stating that strike hawk is the best team for this mission, for Vance is their teammate and their team coordination will be the best out of all the possible teams. Nikola was silenced and strike hawk was sent out for the rescue. 

Vance finally woke up and find himself in a weird lab. He was about to get off the bed before a gun was directly pointed at him. The man who saved him, questioned who he is. He stated that he looks human and feels human yet has 0 human parts. Vance said he is a structure, but that got the old man confused, he has never seen or heard a structure in his life. The old man lowered his gun and said that he saved him. He tried to fix more of him but structure tech is out of his realm, so he only did what he could. The man name is Arnold. Vance was still badly injured and cannot move at all. Arnold said that he is the only person in this area, is been awhile since another being came here. Naturally, they talked about life a bit. Arnold call himself an outcast of the human race from the golden era. The conversation didn't last long before Arnold's little bot alerted him of danger. Vance said to let him fight as well but Arnold told him to rest and he will handle it. 

Some time pass and Arnold returned with victory. Vance started to ask why he still stays here, this place can't be safe forever, which the old man disagree. He said that vance underestimated his ability, how else he think he is alive now. Parts of his body are modified with scrap parts and medication so that he can survive till now. Besides, he can't leave while Vance is here. As to why, Arnold made a promise with dumbass, that's all. Even if they were to leave, they would need to leave together. Which they both agree, Arnold told Vance to guide him on fixing him so that they both can leave together. 

Kamui and Chrome soon arrive at the location and started to find Vance, but to no avail. However, it wasn't long before Gear appeared infront of them, with tello at hand, dead. Gear asked if they have seen vance, but they both didn't answer and immediately attacked Gear. 

Vance was guiding Arnold on fixing him, and they talked about themselves. Arnold said that he escaped from the human race cause he disliked the culture. He dislike the deceit, the lies, the ruthless that is the human race. However, he doesn't hate humans. If anything, he can't put down one when he is met with one. Vance decided to show him the world around him today. Showing him the Eden and how everyone lives in space now. Arnold was impressed and said that structures are even more humans than humans can be. He also questioned why humans still want to reclaim earth, when is already in scraps. Vance said he doesn't really understand it either. Near the end of the fixing process, Arnold coughed blood, which got Vance worried. Arnold told him not to worry, is just a small  organ breakdown. He took his extremely bitter medical pill and went on to give Vance the remaining energy of his bot for he didn't see any reason to keep it (I forgot this part, but they also saw Kamui and Chrome fighthing Gear using the bot) After Vance was fixed, he told Arnold to wait for him as he rushes towards Chrome and Kamui. 

Chrome and Kamui was struggling against Gear. Kamui called Gear unfair. Although they never planned to back-down nor do will they lose, the fight is definitely draining on them. Vance soon arrives and the squad reformed. Under the command of Chrome, the three of them fought back Gear and eventually, Gear got backed to a corner and tried to ran away. However, the moment they started, Gear already lost his light. Vance delivered the final killing blow to Gear and returned to Arnold to find that Arnold has already left. The bot displayed his final message, saying that Vance should go on with his life, he has hopes for the future of earth with structures. Arnold however, is just a relic of the past, no need to waste time on him. Arnold was later reveal to be a friend of Hans. Arnold also left a salmon can and the bot, that has ran out of energy to him, as a gift that vance took his time to show him the world.  

In the end, they won the fight, but failed to retrieve the info. Gear has sent the information back to some group before his head got blowed. The group said it wasn't time for their appearance yet and should stay low. They are after the "sage", as to why, unknown.

## Character Story - Selena

On Eden, a stage play of [The Great Arkadia Exodus] **(this is an actual event, where everyone was evacuating from the virus and board Eden)** was closing in. When the play ended, everyone appaulded, cheered, for the aspiring writer and the main star of the play, Selena. She bowed and didn't lift her head until everyone left. Once everyone left, she immediately rushed out to catch a structure. The ticket of her play are sometimes given to soldiers and structures in the frontline as a reward. She asked why the structure didn't clapped while everyone did. The structure, insulted her, saying that he was expecting some magnificent play since it was given as a reward by the higher-ups, but he was immensely insulted and mad. Selena was confused, very confused. It was her first ever play and everyone loved it, yet this one structure hated it. The structure insulted her, saying she was arrogant, he appaulds her effort into recreating the stage as close to the battlefield...but that is all but to fill her own fantasy of what the frontline is actually like. If this were true, the stage will be filled with blood. Nobody sings for the death, there don't have time for that. They don't even have time to mourn and look back for those who died. Pathetic, the structure said. Selena backed off and was shocked. The structure went on to said, this is the biggest insult to those who died and fought in the frontline. One could never recreate the scene and understand their pain, the struggles and regret. It is only when one has gone through the the frontline, will know. This is all but a fantasy to fill Selena's own arrogance and beautify what is hell. 

Back home, everyone was celebrating Selena's sucess of her first play. Selena on the other hand, shut herself in her room. The words of the structure never left her head. She wanted to talk to her best friend, Ayla, but she knows, this is a pain that she has to suffer herself. Arrogance...arrogance...Why did I forget the closing lines, selena asked herself. She remembered, it wasn't because she was nervous, it was because she was ashamed. She already knew her sin, the arrogance that is embed to her bones. She now knows why she couldn't remember the lines, it wasn't because of her emotions, because those didn't exist, nor was any deep thought. This was first time writing a story without depending on any past scripts, she chose a topic unknown to her herself and arrogantly wrote what she thought was the great moment in humanity. She already knew something was wrong with the script when she was writing, but she continued and that's why she wasn't anxious standing on the stage. She didn't deserve those claps. She was so ashamed she couldnt raise her head. She never thought she will have the chance to perform a stage this big, yet when it came true, all she felt was emptiness. Why were they crying? Why are the applauding? What did they felt from a stage this empty. She couldn't understand it. The terminal on her hand blinked. She has been tested to be eligible to become a structure.

Several years pasted after Selena became a structure. She was assigned to the Art Association as an archeologist. The structure team within the Art Association is often mocked by other structure teams, for all they do is collect information and artifiacts, rarely engaging in battles with infecteds. In fact, Selena has never fought personally with an infected more than a few times. However, things are about to change. The Art Association was assigned to a mission on an abandoned ship to see if there is any valuable information to collect. Before departing, the leader of the Art Association, Eren, asked Selena why she became a structure, when she was considered as a bright star among the public eye and nobody doubted her talent when she was human.

Abord the ship, everything was going well until the team decided to delve deeper into the station. They arrived at the core and was greeted with a terrifying infected at the core of it. However, they didn't immediately retreat, the teams fought instead. They fought and fought, but it wasn't long before they realize, they stand no chance against it. They planned to retreat but one of them rushed and said that they should atleast retrieve 1 piece of the infected and bring back to Eden for analysis, it could be game changing, and so they fought. They sucessfully gained a small fragment of it, but several structures sacrificied for it. They immediately retreat after they got the piece. However, Selena and the teams noticed something is wrong, the infecteds are surrounding them...and their numbers are....devastating to them. The defense teams immediately formed around the Art Association team and moved forward towards the exit. Selena said that they could fight, but the captain of the operation said that their safety is first and they must bring the piece back to Eden.

Selena, did her best to contact Eden for support, but to no response. She did it multiple times, no response. The slowly advanced towards the exit yet more and more structures died around Selena. 50%.....67%.....89%....the damage percentage kept raising, but they weren't stopping, they kept moving, until even the captain of the team was killed...the captain told Selena, that she must deliver the piece back no matter what. Selena promised and kept on running with the others....until even the last archeologist died infront of her. The damage percentage is now 99%....there's no one left other than Selena when she arrived at the last gate. Perhaps she was closer to the outside now, her communication finally got a replied. A message was left by Eden 15 minutes ago, stating they did calculation and said the chance of them surviving is 0% and Eden can no longer fight the space station...so they have changed altitude and left. Selena was devastated.....she screamed...begged for someone to come and save her, but she knows, nobody is coming. She was scared, she looked back and the infecteds were closing in her. There was nothing she could do...she finally understood what the soldier back then meant, she saw what the "real frontline" looked like. Why did she become a structure? Arrogance, it was the arrogance embbed into her bones. She remembered what the captain said to her, "You must deliver the back no matter what the cost is". She stood up, holded her weapon up and fought back the infecteds. She was outnumbered significantly, but she knows her objective, she needs to deliver this piece back to Eden, there will come a point where their altitudde meets again, there is still hope. She opened the last gate and punctured her weapon to the ground, holding her in place while the pressure pulls all the infecteds out of the ship. She survived...

She walked slowly back and found the captain still alive. He asked why Selena didn't ran, but Selena couldn't stand the pain...she lied. She said that support had came and they are all saved. "Is that so? Why isn't there any footsteps." the captain said. Selena lied again, stating they his hearing must have been destroyed, so he couldn't hear it from afar...The captain lied down and already knew what Selena said was merely a lie to comfort him. The captain said that he saw Selena somewhere before. "Ah, the girl from the play was it" he said. Selena nodded. The captain didn't recognized her initially, it was sudden that she decided to volunteer to become a structure. "I always thought that once humans or structures died, they are nothing but a pile of flesh and scraps...so seeing you sing to the death..." captain said. It was the most beautiful voice he heard. Selena didn't want him to continue speaking, "it was just..". "Naive, is very naive, but, it was really....really beautiful...if only that was true" the captain replied. The captain requested for Selena to sing the song she did on the stage again to him...she sung and sung...until the tears on her face dried.

Selena raised her weapon again, and moved forward. She was trying to find the communication center of the station. However, while she was searching, she was found by the infected that use to guide people on this station. She knows she can't defeat him and so she ran...she ran...but when she thought she outran him, he appeared infront of her. Selena was left with no choice but to fight...but she was no match for him. Her weapon broke while fighthing her, she has nothing left against him. The infected jumped on her and pressed her down, Selena screamed in pain. The infected told Selena to give back the piece that the team got from the core or she will be punished. Selena refused and the infected got mad. Since Selena wasn't willing to give it back, the infected decided to search for it himself. He tore Selena's left arm down which made Selena scream. "Looks like its no in the thief's left hand" the infected said....proceeding to tore down her right arm, immense pain was filling Selena's concious.

"WHERE IS IT! WHERE IS IT! WHERE DID THE THIEF WENT!" the infected said...Selena's infection level was so high now that the infected couldn't see her at all. She was torn apart, with barely any strength left and all her computing power was focused on maintaining her inverse core. She realize that she is now at the communication center of the station, so she started to crawl with the skeleton of her arm....it broke. She started using her teeth, and pulled herself towards the terminal...she finally arrived at the place. She connected the terminal to herself and awaited quietly for the day, that Eden returns...

How long has it been? Since Selena boarded the ship, Selena doesn't know. She was taken by Gabriel. She was brought back to the Ascendant base and toyed by Gabriel and Roland. The next thing we know, she was tossed into the red tide as a vessel to become a new heterogeneous infected....It was painful.

Selena started questioning herself that she still live...she was conflicted. Part of her was telling her to die...but she snapped back and refused to....No matter how pathetic, how ugly...she will live for what she believes in and loves. Her concious was fragmenting further and she felt her body drowning...She forcefully opened her eyes and swimmed above surface..

The starry nighy entered her eyes. At that moment, the stormy and chaotic concious sea of hers calmed down.

"I wish....Ayla can see it too"

"Eh....who is Ayla?"









